rd (#1)
learn-co-curriculum/js-advanced-functions-context-and-explicit-setting: README.md

# JavaScript Advanced Functions: Context and Explicit Setting

## Learning Goals

* Explicitly override context with `call` and `apply`
* Explicitly lock context for a function with `bind`

## Introduction

In the previous lesson, we learned that when we invoke functions JavaScript
will make a context available inside the function. That context will be set to

> "whatever's to the left of the dot" or, generally, the global object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"whatever's to the left of the dot" or, when there's nothing to the left of the dot, the global object.
```

  },
  {
    firstName: "Loki",
    familyName: "Laufeysson-Odinsson"
  }
]

let intro = function(person, line) {
  return `${person.firstName} ${person.familyName} says: ${line}`
}

let introWithContext = function(line){
  return `${this.firstName} ${this.familyName} says: ${line}`
}

let phrase = "I like this brown drink very much, bring me another!"
intro(asgardianBrothers[0], phrase) //=> Thor Odinsson says: I like this brown drink very much, bring me another!
intro(asgardianBrothers[0], phrase) === introWithContext.call(asgardianBrothers[0], phrase) //=> true
intro(asgardianBrothers[0], phrase) === introWithContext.apply(asgardianBrothers[0], [phrase]) //=> true

let complaint = "I was falling for thirty minutes!"
intro(asgardianBrothers[1], complaint) === introWithContext.call(asgardianBrothers[1], complaint) //=> true
intro(asgardianBrothers[1], complaint) === introWithContext.apply(asgardianBrothers[1], [complaint]) //=> true
```

When we first wrote a record-oriented program, we wrote functions in the style
of `intro`. They took the record *as an argument*. In fact, if we look at the
`solution` branch for the previous lesson, we'll see that multiple functions

> have the same, first parameter: `employee`, the record. Your solutio probably

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have the same first parameter: `employee`, the record. Your solution probably
```
